Go investigate
See if there really is such a thing
And the accident
Is there really a cat missing?
Yes wait a minute
What else does Mr. Chen order?
Squeak can't know about this.
And if this is true
Go check the method.
Is there any way to make only
Fully occupy this artifact
You mean to kill the cat?
This cat cannot die
Otherwise, you will only be sad
I want them all to understand
Human and cat integrated lucky attribute
Interesting
Ah, Mr. Chen, long time no see
Convenient, do you mind not talking?
Go ahead and leave me alone.
Then you can just walk around
I'll be right back.
Hmm please
Hello Miss Mu
Hello, you know me?
Miss Mu, leave Chen Xunnan
What? Miss Mu looks smart
Why can't I understand human language?
I said leave Chen Xunnan
Why? You are so stupid!
Don't you know that Chen Xunnan keeps you by his side
Just to take advantage of
How is that possible?
Take a look.
What do you have to let him keep you by your side?
Oh, he just took a fancy to your lucky attributes.
How do you know?
Don't you know that since you joined the Wan Group
Group project investment profits rose by 4 rounds
That's a terrible statistic.